Shiro
Deadlyloin
Even if I'm not by your side,
even if I'm not by your side,
I won't say a word to you.
Even if I'm a fool,
I'll be your father.
Oh, Shinobu,
I'm sorry to hear that.
I don't like to hear that.
Yes, yes, yes.
I'm sorry.
I'm not the only one who has a child.
I don't know his face,
I don't know his name,
but I have a father.
I'll ask his father and give him to you.
Oh, my God.
I'm not the only one who has a child.
I don't understand.
I don't know his name,
but I'll ask his father and give him to you.
Then I'll ask him about everything.
I'm not the only one who has a child.
Oh, my God.
I don't know his name,
but I have a father.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
He says he's a liar,
but he doesn't know his father,
he doesn't know his face,
he doesn't know his name.
He's a fool.
This is it.
I don't want anything more than bad trusted servants who do not have the money Code Blast